pinion of the Court. | A jury in New Hampsh
nia Evening Citizen. | Respondent alleged t
d by Belknap County. | In the interval betw
van, 376 U. S. 254 . | We there held that c
t was true or false. | The New Hampshire Su
w York Times no bar. | 106 N. H. 26, 203 A.
. 26, 203 A. 2d 773. | We granted certiorar
 64 . 380 U. S. 941. | The Recreation Area 
eational activities. | Respondent was emplo
e county government. | During the 1950's, a
 the county's taxes. | some protested that 
 the county's taxes. | The discussion culmi
-man commission. [1] | At least in part to 
dent was discharged. | Petitioner regularly
nia Evening Citizen. | In it he frequently 
n political matters. | As an outspoken prop
ounty Commissioners. | In January 1960, dur
alleges libeled him. | In relevant part, it
vant part, it reads: | "Been doing a little
n net cash results?" | The column on its fa
ctionable statement. | Although the questio
sent administration. | The only persons men
respondent's tenure. | no reference is made
 respondent's tenure | Persons familiar wit
 so read the column. | indeed, witnesses fo
 so read the column. | Respondent offered e
 defamatory meaning. | These proofs were th
management had done. | Rather, his witnesse
respondent's tenure. | Respondent urged two
 on that imputation. | The first was that t
 concerning him. [2] | This theory of recov
 is actionable." [3] | The question is pres
ring the operations. | 376 U. S., at 290-29
 U. S., at 290-292 . | The plaintiff in New
Montgomery, Alabama. | His duties included 
e police department. | The statements in th
 . . . seven times." | These statements wer
only *81 four times. | We held that evidenc
ontrol of the body," | we rejected as incon
, 144 So. 2d 25, 39. | To allow the jury to
olerate in any form. | 376 U. S., at 273-27
3-276, 290-292 . [4] | We held "that such a
r those operations." | 376 U. S., at 292 .
376 U. S., at 292 . | There must be evide
d at the plaintiff. | Were the statement 
 might recover. [5] | The statement itsel
at each individual. | Even if a charge an
 was also attacked. | These situations ar
overnment activity. | To the extent the t
 was erroneous. [6] | Here, no explicit c
management appears. | The jury was permit
ged with suspicion. | In effect, this per
ject of discussion. | It is plain that th
der New York Times. | They would be requi
specific reference. | Whether or not resp
he same burden. [7] | A theory that the c
nally insufficient. | Since the trial jud
t must be reversed. | Respondent's second
 financial affairs. | Even accepting resp
 of government. [8] | The subject matter 
ionally irrelevant. | The question is squ
York Times applies. | If it does, it is c
ions were improper. | Under the instructi
tioner's privilege. | That test was rejec
ard for the truth." | The trial court als
 to injure . . . ." | This definition of 
was false or true." | Garrison, 379 U. S.
 379 U. S., at 74 . | Turning, then, to t
tate-law standards. | States have develop
nal protection. [9] | If existing state-l
at best accidental. | Our decision in New
ed free expression. | The standards that 
 with state lines." | Pennekamp v. Florid
 S. 331 , 335. [10] | *85 We remarked in 
d not be included." | 376 U. S., at 283, 
S., at 283, n. 23 . | No precise lines ne
poses of this case. | The motivating forc
 Times was twofold. | We expressed "a pro
 public officials." | 376 U. S., at 270 .
376 U. S., at 270 . | There is, first, a 
on of those issues. | Criticism of govern
of free discussion. | Criticism of those 
tself be penalized. | t is clear, therefo
ental affairs. [11] | *86 This conclusion
 law of defamation. | Society has a perva
ks upon reputation. | But in cases like t
rteenth Amendments. | The thrust of New Y
 law of defamation. | Where a position in
andards apply. [13] | *87 As respondent f
ld such a position. | Since New York Time
ic official" issue. | He did, however, se
articularly to him. | His theory was that
with its successes. | Thus, to prove the 
lic official." [14] | The record here, ho
ew York Times rule. | Moreover, even if t
e as there defined. | Because the trial h
 of his *88 action. | We remark only that
lic official." [15] | The judgment is rev
 with this opinion. | It is so ordered.
